
[Transcriber's Notes: Originally Published in "Pencil Sketches: Or
Outlines of Character and Manners" by Miss Leslie.]

Carey & Hart's Catalog 1852




The Best Illustrated Works at 50 Cents a Volume

=CAREY & HART'S= Library of Humorous American Works, With Illustrations
by Darley.


_Price 50 Cents. (Complete.)_

=THEATRICAL APPRENTICESHIP= AND Anecdotal Recollections OF

SOL. SMITH, Esq.
COMEDIAN, LAWYER, ETC. ETC.

WITH EIGHT ORIGINAL DESIGNS.

CONTENTS.

Early Scenes--Wanderings In the West--Cincinnati in Early Life--"One Man
in his Time plays many Parts"--Expedient to gain a Livelihood--Early
Days of Edwin Forrest--The Manager in Distress--Pittsburgh
Theatricals--Philadelphia Gardens in 1824--The Old Chatham
Theatre--Star-gazing in New York--Concerts in New Jersey--Getting thro'
a Winter--Strolling in Canada--The Murderous Alleghanians--Dawning of
the Drama in Lewistown--Floating down the Stream--Theatricals in
Kentucky--Anecdotal Recollections since 1827--A Theatrical Dentist--The
Rival Vocalists--Pettifogging in St. Louis--A Friendly Game of
Poker--Tom the Curtain Man--The Manager and Planter, Signor
Matthieu--Letter to Rev. A. Ballard--My First and Last Sermon--Tennessee
Door-keeper--The Player and the Phrenologist--Interview with an Editor,
&c. &c.

"A very whimsical apprenticeship it is, making it impossible to
preserve, while reading it, the slightest approach to gravity. Indeed,
we have seldom met with a book so irresistibly provocative of a
perpetual 'broad grin.' It is as good as a play, and a play of the
richest comedy."--_Jeffersonian._


_Price 50 Cents. (Complete.)_

=MAJOR JONES' SKETCHES OF TRAVEL.=

COMPRISING THE SCENES, INCIDENTS AND ADVENTURES IN HIS =TOUR FROM
GEORGIA TO CANADA=.

_With Eight Original Engravings, from Designs by Darley._

THIRD EDITION.

"Not only fun, but information is to be gained from them."--_Saturday
Post._

"It contains palpable and amusing bits on the people and customs of
different places."--_Baltimore Patriot._

"The wit is of the 'Sam Slick' sort."--_N. Y. Commercial._


_Price 50 Cents. (Complete.)_

=STREAKS OF SQUATTER LIFE= AND FAR-WEST SCENES.

A SERIES OF HUMOROUS SKETCHES DESCRIPTIVE OF INCIDENTS AND CHARACTER IN
THE WILD WEST.

BY "SOLITAIRE,"
(JOHN S. ROBB, _of St. Louis, Mo_.)

AUTHOR OF "SWALLOWING OYSTERS ALIVE."

_With Eight Humorous Illustrations by Darley._

CONTENTS.

The Western Wanderings of a Typo--"Not a Drop more, Major, unless it's
sweetened"--Nettle Bottom Ball--A Cat Story--A Spiritual Sister--Hoss
Allen's Apology--Natural Acting--A Canal Adventure--The Standing
Candidate--An Emigrant's Perils--Fun with a "Bar"--Telegraphing an
Express--The Preemption Right--Yaller Pledges--George Munday, the
Hatless Prophet--Courting in French Hollow--The Second
Advent--Settlement Fun--"Doing" a Landlord--Who is Sir George
Simpson?--Letters from a Baby--Seth Tinder's First Courtship--The Death
Struggle--"Who are They?"

"Mr. Robb is better known probably as 'Solitaire,' under which name he
has written some very broad, farcical sketches of Western manners for
the _Reveille_, of St. Louis. Some of the sketches in this volume are
spirited and cleverly written, and they are all lively and full of
animal spirits; but they are too brief to contain a development of
character. The best sketch is the story of 'Old Sugar,' which is
illustrated by an exceedingly fine drawing by Darley. We feel, after
inspecting the designs in this book, that we have heretofore underrated
the comic powers of this admirable artist; there are evidences in some
of these designs of a very high order of genius."--_N. Y. Mirror._


_Price 50 Cents. (Complete.)_

=MAJOR JONES' COURTSHIP.=

_Twelfth Edition, with Two Additional Letters_, AND THIRTEEN HUMOROUS
PLATES.

CONTENTS.

Major Jones' Courtship detailed, with other Scenes and Adventures, in a
Series of Letters by himself.

"Messrs. Carey & Hart have published the drollest of the droll books of
the season. It is a strange production, but so brimful of fun, that half
a drop would make it run over."--_U. S. Gazette._


_Price 50 Cents. (Complete.)_

=THE DRAMA AT POKERVILLE=, The Bench and Bar of Jurytown, AND OTHER
STORIES AND INCIDENTS.

BY "EVERPOINT,"
(J. M. FIELD, ESQ., OF THE ST. LOUIS REVEILLE.)

CONTENTS.

The Drama in Pokerville--The Great Small Affair Announcement--Feeling in
Pokerville--The Great Small Affair Opening--The Great Pokerville
Preliminaries--The Great Small Affair Mystery--The Great Pokerville
Re-union--The Great Small Affair Dinner--The Great Pokerville "Saw"--The
Great Small Affair Scandal--The Great Small Affair Chastisement--The
Great Small Affair Duel--What was built on the Great Small Affair
Foundation--The Bench and Bar of Jurytown--A Sucker in a Warm Bath--An
"Awful Place"--The Elk Runners--"Old Sol" in a Delicate Situation--The
"Gagging Scheme," or, West's Great Picture--Establishing the
Science--Ole Bull in the "Solitude"--How our Friend B----'s Hair
went--A Fancy Barkeeper--"Mr. Nobble!"--"Honey Run"--A Hung
Jury--Paternal Gushings--A Werry Grave Exhortation--"Your Turn next,
Sir"--Stopping to "Wood"--Death of Mike Fink--Establishing a
Connection--A Night in a Swamp--Steamboat Miseries--A Resurrectionist
and his Freight.

"When we say that it is entirely worthy of him, in design and execution,
our readers 'had better believe it,' we could not pay the work a higher
compliment."--_N. Y. Spirit of the Times._


_Price 50 Cents. (Complete.)_

=A QUARTER RACE IN KENTUCKY=, AND OTHER STORIES.

BY W. T. PORTER, ESQ.

EDITOR OF THE "BIG BEAR OF ARKANSAS," ETC.

CONTENTS.

A Quarter Race in Kentucky--A Shark Story--Lanty Oliphant in Court--Bill
Morse on the City Taxes--Ance Veasy's Fight with Reub Sessions--The
Fastest Funeral on Record--Going to Bed before a Young Lady--A Millerite
Miracle--Old Singletire--"Running a Saw" on a French Gentleman--Breaking
a Bank--Taking the Census--Dick Harlau's Tennessee Frolic--"Falling off
a Log" in a Game of "Seven up"--The "Werry Fast Crab"--"French without a
Master"--A Rollicking Dragoon Officer--The Georgia Major in Court--Uncle
Billy Brown "Glorious"--Old Tuttle's Last Quarter Race--Bill Dean, the
Texan Ranger--The Steamboat Captain who was averse to Racing--Bob
Herring the Arkansas Bear-Hunter--McAlpin's Trip to Charleston--Indian
Rubber Pills--A Murder Case in Mississippi--Kicking a Yankee--A
"Down-east" Original--Somebody in my Bed--A Day at Sol. Slice's--Cupping
on the Starnum--A Bear Story--Playing Poker in Arkansas--&c. &c.

"It is illustrated with original engravings from designs by Darley. The
'Quarter Race in Kentucky' is one of the best stories that was ever
penned, and the volume contains a number of others, that have from time
to time appeared in the Spirit of the Times, which are hard to
beat."--_N. O. Picayune._


_Price 50 Cents. (Complete.)_

=THE YANKEE AMONGST THE MERMAIDS.=

BY W. E. BURTON, COMEDIAN.

WITH ILLUSTRATIONS BY DARLEY.

CONTENTS.

The Yankee amongst the Mermaids; a Yarn by a Cape Codder, with an
illustration--Leap Year; or, A Woman's Privilege--The Two Pigs, a
Swinish Colloquy--Thaumaturgia; Part First. The Yankee in Hell, with an
illustration; Part Second, The Resurrectionists; Part Third, The
Canal-boat; Part Fourth, The Last and the Least--My First Fight, with an
illustration--Immiscible Immigration, a petty Peter Pindaric--Sam
Weller, a Soliloquy in Verse--The Pic-Nic Party, with two
illustrations--The Poetry of Niagara--A Wet Day at a Watering Place--My
First Punch, with an illustration--The Scapegrace and the Scapegoat, a
Matter-of-fact Sketch--The Old Dutchman and his Long Box, with an
illustration--The Man in the Big Boots--Dickey Doddicombe, with an
illustration--Philadelphia in the Dog-days--&c. &c.

"The drollest specimen of waggery that ever emanated from that drollest
of men, Burton."--_The City Item._


_Price 50 Cents. (Complete.)_

ODD LEAVES FROM THE LIFE OF A =LOUISIANA "SWAMP DOCTOR."=

BY MADISON TENSAS, M. D.
EX V. P. M. S. U. KY.

CONTENTS.

The City Physician _versus_ The Swamp Doctor--My Early Life--Getting
acquainted with the Medicines--A Tight Race considerin'--Taking Good
Advice--The Day of Judgment--A Rattlesnake on a Steamboat--Frank and the
Professor--The Curious Widow--The Mississippi Patent Plan for pulling
Teeth--Valerian and the Panther--Seeking a Location--Cupping an
Irishman--Being Examined for my Degree--Stealing a Baby--The "Swamp
Doctor" to Esculapius--My First Call in the Swamp--The Man of
Aristocratic Diseases--The Indefatigable Bear-hunter--Love in a
Garden--How to cure Fits--A Struggle for Life.


_Price 50 cents. (Complete.)_

THE =WIDOW RUGBY'S HUSBAND=, AND OTHER STORIES.

By JOHNSON J. HOOPER, Esq.

_Author of "Adventures of Captain Simon Suggs."_

WITH ILLUSTRATIONS BY ELLIOTT.

"A collection of humorous stories well calculated to provoke laughter.
We advise the immediate purchase of the book, but a temperate use of
it--one story at a sitting will be sufficient; a greater indulgence
might result seriously. The very pictures have set us in a roar, and we
can scarce compose our nerves sufficiently to make our words
intelligible to the compositor."--_Philada. Advertiser._

"This is, of course, quite full of fun--'all sorts' of fun; and those
who want a good laugh, should take a peep at Elliot's very original
comic illustrations."--_Am. Courier._

"This book is by the favorite and witty author of 'Adventures of Simon
Suggs,' with original designs by the inimitable Darley. It is a capital
illustration of the laughable side of Western and Southern life. If you
would enjoy a broad laugh, buy it."--_City Item._

"There is enough 'fun' in this volume to 'spice' a magazine for a
twelvemonth."--_Southern Literary Gazette._

"Excellent for dispelling care are the humorous works with which Mr. A.
Hart, Chestnut and Fourth streets, is supplying the lovers of mirth. His
is the only 'library' of the kind in the country, where genuine humor is
measured out in periodical doses, and always warranted to make a man
'laugh and grow fat.' That is the motto, and a capital one it is. The
last lot is labelled 'Widow Rugby's Husband,' divided into a number of
the most comical and amusing stories imaginable. The illustrations of 'A
Ride with Old Kit,' 'A Night at the Ugly Man's,' 'Captain McFadden,' and
the 'Poor Joke,' are among the richest provocatives to a hearty
laugh."--_American Courier._


_Price 50 cents. (Complete.)_

=Polly Peablossom's Wedding=, AND OTHER TALES AND SKETCHES,

BY THE HON. J. LAMAR, THE HON. R. M. CHARLTON,
AND
_By the Author of "Streaks of Squatter Life,"
"Major Jones's Courtship" &c._

With Engravings from Original Designs by Elliott.

"A mirth-provoking book, well calculated to enliven an evening and put
to flight ennui, melancholy, and all the gloomy humors 'flesh is heir
to.'"--_Philadelphia Advertiser._


_Price 50 cents._

=MISSISSIPPI SCENES=: OR, SKETCHES OF SOUTHERN LIFE AND ADVENTURE.

BY JOS. B. COBB.

"The peculiar manners and odd customs, the curious ways, and still more
curious people who reside, live, or float on the great river, are passed
in review, and pleasant stories are told about them."--_Boston Evening
Gazette._

"The stories are well told, and some of the sketches of character are
well drawn."--_Savannah News._

"We have here a neat volume of sketches by one of the contributors of
the Gazette; a gentleman of fine abilities and finished education, who
resides in Mississippi. The present volume is confined entirely to
scenes of Southern Life, all of which are told with spirit and
naturalness."--_Saturday Gazette._

"This is a pleasant book, and interesting from the circumstance of the
sketches, as the author tells us in his preface, being chiefly drawn
from real scenes and characters, illustrative of life in Mississippi;
and, happily, for the most part, not the low comic life affected by so
many of the recent painters of Southern manners and adventures."--_North
American._

"The sketches before us are full of captivating and amusing incidents;
and to the Mississippi reader, they are peculiarly interesting, from the
fact that many of the 'Scenes' are laid within the borders of our own
State. To all who would enjoy an entertaining volume, we commend this
work."--_The Mississippian._

"A graphic description of the peculiarities of people in a new country,
in which curious relations are blended with satire and broad humour,
cannot fail to amuse. Such is the character of this agreeable
volume."--_Baltimore American._


=NOBODY'S SON:=
OR,
=Adventures of Percival Maberry.=

WRITTEN BY HIMSELF.

_Price 50 cents._

"'Nobody's Son' will interest and please everybody. It is a delightful
book--a novelty in its way, and full to overflowing with curious and
absorbing events. Those who read the first chapter will not lay it down
until the story is mastered entire."--_City Item._

"A well-written story of adventure, bordering somewhat on the
marvellous, but an agreeable and interesting book."--_Savannah News._

"This is a well-written book, by an author from whom we hope to hear
again. It is full of incident and adventure, while Maberry himself is
exceedingly well drawn."--_Saturday Gazette._




STANDARD WORKS.


LORD BACON'S WORKS.

=Price Reduced to $7 50.=

In 3 Royal 8vo. Volumes, Cloth Gilt.

=THE WORKS OF LORD BACON=, WITH A MEMOIR, AND A TRANSLATION OF HIS LATIN
WRITINGS,

BY BASIL MONTAGU, ESQ.

In Three Volumes, Octavo.

The American edition of the works of Lord Bacon now offered to the
public, is reprinted from the most approved English edition, that of
Basil Montagu, Esq., which has recently issued from the celebrated press
of Pickering, (the modern Aldus.) in seventeen octavo volumes. It
contains the complete works of the illustrious philosopher, _those in
Latin being translated into English_. In order to render the publication
cheap, and therefore attainable by all our public and social libraries,
as well as by those general readers who study economy, the seventeen
octavo volumes have been comprised in three volumes, imperial octavo.
Being printed from the most accurate as well as complete English
edition, and carefully revised, the American edition will possess
greater advantages for the critical scholar as well as the general
reader. In typography, paper and binding, it will be recognized as a
brilliant specimen of the products of the American book trade.

"We may safely affirm, that, by giving the Inductive Philosophy to the
world, Lord Bacon has proved one of its most signal benefactors, and has
largely done his part towards promoting the final triumph of all truth,
whether natural, or moral and intellectual, over all error; and towards
bringing on that glorious crisis, destined, we doubt not, one day to
arrive, when, according to the allegorical representation of that great
poet, who was not only the Admirer of Bacon, but in some respects his
kindred genius--TRUTH, though 'hewn like the mangled body of Osiris,
into a thousand pieces, and scattered to the four winds, shall be
gathered limb to limb, and moulded, with every joint and member, into an
immortal feature of loveliness and perfection.'"

"We are more gratified than we can find words to express, to find a
publishing house in this country, putting forth a publication like the
Complete Works of Lord Bacon, in a form at once compact, elegant and
economical."--_Brother Jonathan._


=WALTER SCOTT'S COMPLETE WORKS.=

_In 10 vols., Royal 8vo., Cloth gilt, for only $10!!_

Including the Waverly Novels, Poetical and Prose Works, with the
Author's latest Corrections.

_Also, Full-bound Library Style Price_ $12.50.


=Price Reduced to $2 50.=

THE WAVERLEY NOVELS.

COMPLETE.

3340 Pages for Two Dollars and a Half.

CAREY & HART, have recently published

A NEW EDITION OF

=THE WAVERLEY NOVELS=,

BY SIR WALTER SCOTT,

_With all the Author's latest Notes and Additions, Complete, without the
slightest Abridgment._

In Five Royal 8vo. volumes, upwards of 650 Pages in each volume.

CONTENTS.

Waverley, Guy Mannering, Antiquary, Rob Roy, Black Dwarf, Old Mortality,
Heart of Mid-Lothian, Bride of Lammermoor, Legend of Montrose, Ivanhoe,
The Monastery, The Abbot, Kenilworth, The Pirate, Fortunes of Nigel,
Peveril of the Peak, Quentin Durward, St. Ronan's Well, Redgauntlet, The
Betrothed, The Talisman, Woodstock, The Highland Widow, Two Drovers, My
Aunt Margaret's Mirror, Tapestried Chamber, The Laird's Jock, Fair Maid
of Perth. Anne of Geierstein, Count Robert of Paris, Castle Dangerous,
The Surgeon's Daughter.

The object of the publishers in thus reducing the price of the Waverley
Novels, is to endeavor to give them a greatly extended circulation, and
they have, therefore, put them at a price which brings them within the
reach of every family in the country. There is _now_ no fireside that
need be without a set of the most charming works of fiction ever issued
from the press: for there is no one that can't afford two dollars and a
half--TWO DOLLARS AND A HALF for twenty-five of Sir Walter Scott's
Novels! ten cents for a complete Novel!! ten cents for "Ivanhoe," which
was originally published at a guinea and a half!!! It seems impossible,
and yet it is true. In no other way can the same amount of amusement and
instruction be obtained for ten times the money, for the Waverley Novels
alone form a Library.

The publishers wish it to be distinctly understood, that, while the
price is so greatly reduced the work is in no way abridged, but is
CAREFULLY PRINTED FROM, AND CONTAINS EVERY WORD IN THE LAST EDINBURGH
EDITION, in forty-eight volumes, which sells for seventy-two dollars.

Now is the time to buy! Such an opportunity may never again occur. Let
every one, then, who wants the _Waverley Novels for two dollars and a
half, now purchase_, for if the publishers do not find the sale greatly
increased, by the immense reduction in price, they will resume the old
price of twenty-five cents for each Novel, which _was_ considered
wonderfully cheap.


THE Prose Writers of America, WITH A SURVEY OF THE INTELLECTUAL HISTORY,
CONDITION, AND PROSPECTS OF THE COUNTRY.

BY RUFUS WILMOT GRISWOLD.

_FOURTH EDITION, REVISED._

_Illustrated with Portraits from Original Pictures._

Complete in one volume octavo--$3 50.

CONTENTS.

Intellectual History, Condition, and Prospects of the Country--Edwards,
Franklin, Jefferson, Madison, Dwight, Marshall, Hamilton, Ames, J. Q.
Adams, C. B. Brown, Wirt, Quincy, Allston, Story, Paulding, Flint,
Channing, Wheaton, Webster, Audubon, Walsh, Irving, Buckminster,
Verplanck, Norton, Sanderson, Dana, Wilde, Cooper, A. H. Everett, Hall,
Schoolcraft, Dewey, Sparks, John Neal, Bryant, Edward Everett, Kennedy,
Bush, Sedgwick, Wayland, Prescott, Edward Robinson, Leslie, Legare,
Ware, Bancroft, Marsh, Hooker, Brownson, Child, Bird, Emerson, Fay,
Cheever, Hoffman, Kirkland, Hawthorne, Willis, Longfellow, Simms, Joseph
C. Neal, Poe, Tuckerman, Fuller, Headley, Mathews, Thorpe, Whipple.

"Mr. Griswold's book has been executed honestly, ably, and well, and is
a valuable contribution to the literature of the
country."--_Knickerbocker._

"We deem the book by all odds the best of its kind that has ever been
issued; and we certainly know of no one who could have made it
better."--_N. Y. Courier and Enquirer._


A New and Cheap Edition OF THE HISTORY OF THE =FRENCH REVOLUTION=.

BY M. A. THIERS, LATE PRIME MINISTER OF FRANCE.

_Translated from the French, with Notes and Additions._

The Four Volumes complete in Two.

=Price only $1 50.=

The edition of the History of the French Revolution now offered to the
public is printed on VERY LARGE TYPE, on good paper, and contains
upwards of

_Eighteen Hundred Large Octavo Pages_,

and is unquestionably the cheapest book ever published. It _forms a
necessary introduction_ to _THE LIFE OF NAPOLEON_, by M. A. THIERS, _NOW
IN COURSE OF PUBLICATION_, and the two works present a complete

HISTORY OF FRANCE

from the commencement of the French Revolution, down to the death of
Napoleon.

[asterism] Also a fine Edition with 13 steel Engravings, 2 vols., Extra
Gilt, $3.


THE Prose Writers of Germany.

BY F. H. HEDGE.

ILLUSTRATED WITH PORTRAITS.

The work mentioned above comprises a list of the most eminent writers of
Germany, together with copious extracts from their works, beginning with
LUTHER and reaching up to the present time. For those who are interested
in the literature of Germany, it presents a valuable aid in becoming
more intimately acquainted with the German mind; and even to the curious
it offers an excitement which will grow stronger in proportion as their
taste is cultivated.

In the present volume we find valuable extracts, given from their prose
writings. Although the writers follow in chronological order, and LUTHER
stands at the head of his intellectual brethren, the longest space is
allowed to those who claim our greatest attention; and GOETHE therefore
occupies the most conspicuous position both in the specimens given and
the selection of the pieces. GOETHE is a writer who requires most of all
to be studied; while others, as SCHILLER, in his passionate mood and
ideal longings, requires no silent and incessant reflection, because he
works his effects immediately by rousing the depth of our nature. Next
to GOETHE, SCHILLER appears in an article upon Naïve and Sentimental
Poetry, a bold effort of him, the success of which is however yet very
disputed, to classify every produce of Art according to the impressions
made upon the reader, and to dispense with the various and cumbersome
forms of the departments into which we have been accustomed hitherto to
arrange all subjects bearing upon poetry. The department upon which
SCHILLER enters here, belongs properly to the philosophy of Art; to the
aesthetics, the investigation of the beautiful.

Foremost stands LESSING, the first critic of his time. Next to him comes
HERDER, a devout philosopher, and a clear-sighted intellect, with the
eyes of a child; curious to penetrate the maze and noisy market of the
world, the variegated life among the ancients and the moderns in search
for that beautiful humanity which he had sketched in his own mind, and
which he would fain proclaim the order of an otherwise mysterious
providence. The two brothers SCHLEGEL--William, the noble interpreter
and translator of Shakspeare, and Frederic, known best by his
investigations of the language and wisdom of the Indians--follow him,
and MOSES MENDELSSOHN, a Jewish philosopher, closes the series of these
writers. The treatise of the latter on the Sublime and Naïve will be
read with interest by everybody who has only an ordinary reading of
ancient and modern poetry. Distinct from all the rest stand WIELAND and
JEAN PAUL RICHTER, best known in this country by the appellation, of
JEAN PAUL.




A. HART'S NEW WORKS.


RECENTLY PUBLISHED, IN TWO VOLUMES, POST 8VO., WITH PORTRAITS, CLOTH,
EXTRA GILT, $2.

MEMOIRS OF THE =COURT OF MARIE ANTOINETTE,= (QUEEN OF FRANCE.)

BY MADAME CAMPAN.

First Lady of the Bed-chamber to the Queen.

With a Biographical Introduction from "The Heroic Women of the French
Revolution."

BY M. DE LAMARTINE.

OPINIONS OF THE PRESS.

"The book is a noble defence of Marie Antoinette against the many
calumnies breathed against her. Moreover, as a picture of manners during
the latter years of Louis XV., and the entire reign of his successor, it
has no superior; it is at once more decent and more veracious than the
'Life of Dubarry,' and the thousand other garbled memoirs of that
period. A large number of notes, explanatory and otherwise, accompany
the volume, and add materially to its value. Mr. Hart has published the
book in a style of great elegance, and illustrated it with portraits, on
steel, of Marie Antoinette and Madame Elizabeth. It is a book that
should find a place on every lady's centre-table."--_Neal's Gazette._

"Two very interesting volumes, which the reader will not be likely to
leave till he has finished them."--_Public Ledger._

"The material of this history could not have emanated from a more
authentic or official source, nor have been honoured with a more
distinguished or capable god-father than De Lamartine."--_Saturday
Courier._

"These elegant volumes are a reprint from the third London edition of
this very delightful work. The vicissitudes depicted in the volumes, and
scarcely less the charming style of the author and the entire
familiarity of her theme, make the work one of the most interesting that
has recently issued from the American press, and no less instructive and
entertaining."--_N. Y. Commercial Advertiser._

"This delightful work, abounding with historical incidents connected
with one of the most stirring periods of French history, presents the
reader with the personal annals of one of the most amiable and excellent
women that ever shared the honours of royalty. Compiled by one every way
competent by talent and education, and qualified by personal
familiarity, the facts are entitled to the confidence of the reader,
while the style is piquant and graceful. The work is got up in a very
superior style of mechanical execution."--_Baltimore Sun._

"We have seldom perused so entertaining a work--it is as a mirror of the
most splendid court of Europe, at a time when monarchy had not been
shorn of any of its beams, that it is particularly worthy of our
attention."--_Morning Chronicle._

"There is not a page of the work which is not deeply or amusingly
interesting. The position of the author at the court of Louis XVI. gave
her extraordinary opportunities for looking behind the scenes for the
causes of much that was entirely inexplicable to the public. Indeed,
there can be no question of her knowledge, while of her truthfulness, as
far as she goes, there is abundant evidence in the volumes themselves.
We cannot believe Marie Antoinette to have been as immaculate as she is
painted by Madame Campan. Young, giddy, inexperienced and wilful, she
was cast headlong into the most profligate court of Christendom.
Surrounded by pleasures and temptations, amid a set of beings to whom
gallantry was so habitual that it ceased to be remarked--with an
impotent husband, and with all around him corrupt, venal, and
licentious, we cannot believe that all the scandalous stories respecting
the queen were entirely without foundation, that she was _always_
misconstrued and maligned."--_Boston Morning Post._


THE MODERN BRITISH ESSAYISTS
At less than Half Price.

The great success that has attended the publication of

_THE MODERN ESSAYISTS_,

Comprising the Critical and Miscellaneous Writings of the Most
Distinguished Authors of Modern Times, has induced the publishers to
issue a New, Revised and very Cheap Edition, with Finely Engraved
Portraits of the Authors; and while they have _added_ to the series the
writings of several distinguished authors, they have reduced the price
more than

=ONE HALF.=

The writings of each author will generally be comprised in a single
octavo volume, well printed from new type, on fine white paper
manufactured expressly for this edition.

The series will contain all the most able papers that have EVER APPEARED
IN THE EDINBURGH REVIEW, The London Quarterly Review, and Blackwood's
Magazine, and may indeed be called the CREAM of those publications.

It is only necessary to mention the names of the authors whose writings
will appear. T. BABINGTON MACAULAY, ARCHIBALD ALISON, REV. SYDNEY SMITH,
PROFESSOR WILSON, JAMES STEPHEN, ROBERT SOUTHEY, SIR WALTER SCOTT, LORD
JEFFREY, SIR JAMES MACKINTOSH, T. NOON TALFOURD, J. G. LOCKHART,
REGINALD HEBER.

The popularity of the authors and the extreme moderation of the price,
recommend

THE MODERN ESSAYISTS,

To HEADS OF FAMILIES for their Children, as perfect models of style.

To MANAGERS OF BOOK SOCIETIES, Book Clubs, &c.

To SCHOOL INSPECTORS, SCHOOLMASTERS AND TUTORS, as suitable gifts and
prizes, or adapted for School Libraries.

TRAVELLERS ON A JOURNEY will find in these portable and cheap volumes
something to read on the road, adapted to fill a corner in a portmanteau
or carpet-bag.

To PASSENGERS ON BOARD A SHIP, here are ample materials in a narrow
compass for whiling away the monotonous hours of a sea voyage.

To OFFICERS IN THE ARMY AND NAVY, and to all Economists in _space_ or
_pocket_, who, having limited chambers, and small book-shelves, desire
to lay up for themselves a _concentrated Library_, at a moderate
expenditure.

To ALL WHO HAVE FRIENDS IN DISTANT COUNTRIES, as an acceptable present
to send out to them.

THE MODERN ESSAYISTS will yield to the _Settler_ in the Backwoods of
America the most valuable and interesting writings of all the most
distinguished authors of _our time_ at less than one quarter the price
they could be obtained in any other form.

THE STUDENT AND LOVER OF LITERATURE at Home, who has hitherto been
compelled to wade through volumes of Reviews for a single article, may
now become possessed of _every article worth reading_ for little more
than _the cost of the annual subscription_.


I.

=MACAULAY.=

CRITICAL AND MISCELLANEOUS WRITINGS OF THOMAS BABINGTON MACAULAY.

_In One Volume, with a finely engraved portrait, from an original
picture by Henry Inman._ _Cloth Gilt_, $2 00.

Contents.

Milton, Machiavelli, Dryden, History, Hallam's Constitutional History,
Southey's Colloquies on Society, Moore's Life of Byron, Southey's
Bunyan's Pilgrim's Progress. Croker's Boswell's Life of Johnson, Lord
Nugent's Memoirs of Hampden, Nare's Memoirs of Lord Burghley, Dumont's
Recollections of Mirabeau, Lord Mahon's War of the Succession, Walpole's
Letters to Sir H. Maun, Thackaray's History of Earl Chatham, Lord Bacon,
Mackintosh's History of the Revolution of England, Sir John Malcolm's
Life of Lord Clive. Life and Writings of Sir W. Temple, Church and
State, Ranke's History of the Popes, Cowley and Milton, Mitford's
History of Greece, The Athenian Orators, Comic Dramatists of the
Restoration, Lord Holland, Warren Hastings, Frederic the Great, Lays of
Ancient Rome, Madame D'Arblay, Addison, Barere's Memoirs. Montgomery's
Poems, Civil Disabilities of the Jews, Mill on Government, Bentham's
Defence of Mill, Utilitarian Theory of Government, and Earl Chatham,
second part, &c.

"It may now be asked by some sapient critics, Why make all this coil
about a mere periodical essayist? Of what possible concern is it to
anybody, whether Mr. Thomas Babington Macaulay be, or be not, overrun
with faults, since he is nothing more than one of the three-day
immortals who contribute flashy and 'taking' articles to a Quarterly
Review? What great work has he written? Such questions as these might be
put by the same men who place the Spectator, Tattler and Rambler among
the British classics yet judge of the size of a cotemporary's mind by
that of his book, and who can hardly recognize amplitude of
comprehension, unless it be spread over the six hundred pages of octavos
and quartos.--Such men would place Bancroft above Webster, and Sparks
above Calhoun, Adams, and Everett--deny a posterity for Bryant's
Thanatopsis, and predict longevity to Pollok's Course of Time. It is
singular that the sagacity which can detect thought only in a state of
dilution, is not sadly graveled when it thinks of the sententious
aphorisms which have survived whole libraries of folios, and the little
songs which have outrun, in the race of fame, so many enormous
epics.--While it can easily be demonstrated that Macaulay's writings
contain a hundred-fold more matter and thought, than an equal number of
volumes taken from what are called, _par eminence_, the 'British
Essayists,' it is not broaching any literary heresy to predict, that
they will sail as far down the stream of time, as those eminent members
of the illustrious family of British classics."


II.

=ARCHIBALD ALISON.=

THE CRITICAL AND MISCELLANEOUS WRITINGS OF ARCHIBALD ALISON, AUTHOR OF
"THE HISTORY OF EUROPE," In One Volume, 8vo with a portrait.

_Price_ $1 25.

CONTENTS.

Chateaubriand, Napoleon, Bossuet, Poland, Madame de Stael, National
Monuments, Marshal Ney, Robert Bruce, Paris in 1814, The Louvre in 1814,
Tyrol, France in 1833, Italy, Scott, Campbell and Byron, Schools of
Design, Lamartine, The Copyright Question, Michelet's France, Military
Treason and Civic Soldiers, Arnold's Rome, Mirabeau, Bulwer's Athens,
The Reign of Terror, The French Revolution of 1830, The Fall of Turkey,
The Spanish Revolution of 1820, Karamsin's Russia, Effects of the French
Revolution of 1830, Desertion of Portugal, Wellington, Carlist Struggle
in Spain, The Affghanistan Expedition, The Future, &c. &c.


III.

=SYDNEY SMITH.=

THE WORKS OF THE REV. SYDNEY SMITH. Fine Edition. In One Volume, with a
portrait. Price $1 00.

"Almost every thing he has written is so characteristic that it would be
difficult to attribute it to any other man. The marked individual
features and the rare combination of power displayed in his works, give
them a fascination unconnected with the subject of which he treats or
the general correctness of his views. He sometimes hits the mark in the
white, he sometimes misses it altogether, for he by no means confines
his pen to theories to which he is calculated to do justice; but whether
he hits or misses, he is always sparkling and delightful. The charm of
his writings is somewhat similar to that of Montaigne or Charles
Lamb"--_North American Review._


IV.

=PROFESSOR WILSON.=

THE RECREATIONS OF =CHRISTOPHER NORTH.= In One Volume 8vo., first
American Edition with a Portrait. Price $1 00.

CONTENTS.

Christopher in his Sporting Jacket--A Tale of Expiation--Morning
Monologue--The Field of Flowers--Cottages--An Hour's Talk about
Poetry--Inch Cruin--A Day at Windermere--The Moors--Highland
Snow-Storm--The Holy Child--Our Parish--Mayday--Sacred
Poetry--Christopher in his Aviary--Dr. Kitchiner--Soliloquy on the
Seasons--A Few Words on Thomson--The Snowball Bicker of
Piedmont--Christmas Dreams--Our Winter Quarters--Stroll to
Grafsmere--L'Envoy.

_Extract from Howitt's "Rural Life."_

"And not less for that wonderful series of articles by Wilson, in
Blackwood's Magazine--_in their kind as truly amazing and as truly
glorious as the romances of Scott or the poetry of Wordsworth_. Far and
wide and much as these papers have been admired, wherever the English
language is read, I still question whether any one man has a just idea
of them as a whole."


V.

=Carlyle's Miscellanies.=

CRITICAL AND MISCELLANEOUS ESSAYS OF THOMAS CARLYLE. _In one 8vo.
volume, with a Portrait._ PRICE $1 75.

CONTENTS.

Jean Paul Friedrich Richter--State of German
Literature--Werner--Goethe's Helena--Goethe--Burns--Heyne--German
Playwrights--Voltaire--Novalis--Signs of the Times--Jean Paul Friedrich
Richter again--On History--Schiller--The Nibellungen Lied--Early German
Literature--Taylor's Historic Survey of German
Poetry--Characteristics--Johnson--Death of Goethe--Goethe's
Works--Diderot--On History again--Count Cagliostro--Corn Law Rhymes--The
Diamond Necklace--Mirabeau--French Parliamentary History--Walter Scott,
&c. &c.


VI.

=TALFOURD & STEPHEN=

THE CRITICAL WRITINGS OF T. NOON TALFOURD AND JAMES STEPHEN WITH A
FINELY ENGRAVED PORTRAIT. In One Volume, 8vo. Price $1 25.

_Contents of "Talfourd."_

Essays on British Novels and Romances, introductory to a series of
Criticisms on the Living Novelists--Mackenzie, The Author of Waverley,
Godwin, Maturin, Rymer on Tragedy, Colley Cibber's Apology for his Life,
John Dennis's Works, Modern Periodical Literature, On the Genius and
Writings of Wordsworth, North's Life of Lord Guilford, Hazlitt's
Lectures on the Drama, Wallace's Prospects of Mankind, Nature and
Providence, On Pulpit Oratory, Recollections of Lisbon, Lloyd's Poems.
Mr. Oldaker on Modern Improvements, A Chapter on Time, On the Profession
of the Bar, The Wine Cellar, Destruction of the Brunswick Theatre by
Fire, First Appearance of Miss Fanny Kemble, On the Intellectual
Character of the late Wm. Hazlitt.

_Contents of "Stephen."_

Life of Wilberforce, Life of Whitfield and Froude, D'Aubigne's
Reformation, Life and Times of Baxter, Physical Theory of Another Life,
The Port Royalists, Ignatius Loyola, Taylor's Edwin the Fair.

"His (Talfourd's) Critical writings manifest on every page a sincere,
earnest and sympathizing love of intellectual excellence and moral
beauty. The kindliness of temper and tenderness of sentiment with which
they are animated, are continually suggesting pleasant thoughts of the
author."--_North American Review._


VII.

LORD JEFFREY.

THE CRITICAL WRITINGS OF FRANCIS LORD JEFFREY.

_In One Volume 8vo., with a Portrait._

From a very able article in the North British Review we extract the
following:

"It is a book not to be read only--but studied--it is a vast repository;
or rather a system or institute, embracing the whole circle of
letters--if we except the exact sciences--and contains within itself,
not in a desultory form, but in a well digested scheme, more original
conceptions, bold and fearless speculation and just reasoning on all
kinds and varieties of subjects than are to be found in any English
writer with whom we are acquainted within the present or the last
generation. ... His choice of words is unbounded and his felicity of
expression, to the most impalpable shade of discrimination, almost
miraculous. Playful, lively, and full of illustration, no subject is so
dull or so dry that he cannot invest it with interest, and none so
trifling that it cannot acquire dignity or elegance from his pencil.
Independently however, of mere style, and apart from the great variety
of subjects embraced by his pen, the distinguishing feature of his
writings, and that in which he excels his cotemporary reviewers, is the
deep vein of practical thought which runs throughout them all."


VIII.

SIR JAMES MACKINTOSH.

SIR JAMES MACKINTOSH'S

CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE EDINBURGH REVIEW.

_Collected and Edited by his Son._

In One Volume 8vo., with a Portrait, $1 75.

THE POEMS OF FRANCES SARGENT OSGOOD.

Illustrated by the best artists.

_In one volume octavo, uniform, with Carey & Hart's illustrated Bryant,
Willis, &c._

The following exquisitely finished line engravings are from original
designs, by our most celebrated painters, and are executed in the
highest style of art:--Portrait of the Authoress; Hope; A Child playing
with a Watch; The Reaper; Ida; Old Friends; The Child's Portrait; Little
Red Riding Hood; The Life Boat; Twilight Hours; The Arab and his Steed;
Zuleika.

"There is nothing mechanical about her; all is buoyant, overflowing,
irrepressible vivacity, like the bubbling up of a natural fountain. In
her almost childish playfulness, she reminds us of that exquisite
creation of Fouque, Undine, who knew no law but that of her own
waywardness. The great charm of her poetry is its unaffected simplicity.
It is the transparent simplicity of truth, reflecting the feeling of the
moment like a mirror."--_Rev. Dr. Davidson._

"In all the poems of Mrs. Osgood, we find occasion to admire the author
as well as the works. Her spontaneous and instinctive effusions appear,
in a higher degree than any others in our literature, to combine the
rarest and highest capacities in art with the sincerest and deepest
sentiments and the noblest aspirations. They would convince us, if the
beauty of her life were otherwise unknown, that Mrs. Osgood is one of
the loveliest characters in the histories of literature or
society."--_Pennsylvania Inquirer and Courier._

"The position of Mrs. Osgood, as a graceful and womanly poetess, is
fixed, and will be enduring. To taste of faultless delicacy, a
remarkable command of poetical language, great variety of cadence, and a
most musical versification, she has added recently the highest qualities
of inspiration, imagination, and passion, in a degree rarely equalled in
the productions of women.... The reputation which Mrs. Osgood enjoys, as
one of the most amiable, true-hearted, and brilliant ladies in American
society, will add to the good fortune of a book, the intrinsic
excellence and beauty of which will secure for it a place among the
standard creations of female genius."--_Home Journal._




POETICAL LIBRARY.

THE POETS AND POETRY OF EUROPE, ENGLAND, AMERICA, Etc.

CAREY & HART have just published in four splendid volumes, beautifully
illustrated, and uniform in size with their new edition of "_THE MODERN
ESSAYISTS_," _and forming a suitable companion to that delightful
series:_--


THE POETS AND POETRY OF AMERICA:

EMBRACING

Selections from the Poetical Literature of the United States, from the
Time of the Revolution,

WITH A

_Preliminary Essay on the Progress and Condition of Poetry in this
Country, and Biographical and Critical Notices of the most eminent
Poets._

By RUFUS W. GRISWOLD.

EIGHTH EDITION, REVISED AND ENLARGED.

Elegantly bound in Col'd Calf and Morocco.

Price $5 00, or in Cloth Gilt, $3 00.

"We think in the 500 pages of this beautiful volume, the reader will
find nearly all that is worth reading in American Poetry."--_Boston
Post._

"Mr. G has done a service to our literature which eminently entitles him
to the regard and favor of a discerning and impartial
public."--_National Intelligencer._

"No better selection from the poetry of our native bards has ever been
made, and no person could do better with the materials than Mr. Griswold
has done."--_Boston Transcript._


THE POETS AND POETRY OF EUROPE:

WITH

Biographical Notices and Translations,

_From the Earliest Period to the Present Time._

By HENRY W. LONGFELLOW.

In One Large 8vo. Volume, 750 Pages.

Morocco elegant, $5 50, or cloth gilt, $3 75.

Which comprises translations from the following: Anglo-Saxon, Icelandic,
Swedish, Dutch, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, &c. &c.

"It is the most complete work of the kind in English
literature."--_Boston Courier._

"A more desirable work for the scholar or man of taste has scarcely ever
been issued in the United States."--_N. Y. Tribune._


ILLUSTRATED POEMS.

BY MRS. L. H. SIGOURNEY,

With Designs by F. O. C. Darley,

ENGRAVED BY DISTINGUISHED ARTISTS.

_With a Portrait of the Authoress by Cheney after Freeman._

LIST OF ILLUSTRATIONS.

The Divided Burden--A Landscape--Oriska--The Ancient Family
Clock--Eve--The Scottish Weaver--The Indian Summer--Erin's Daughter--The
Western Emigrant--The Aged Pastor--The Tomb--The Drooping Team--The
Beautiful Maid.

"The volume is a most luxurious and gorgeous one, reflecting the highest
credit on its 'getters up;' and we know of nothing from the American
press which would form a more acceptable gift-book, or a richer ornament
for the centre-table. Of the Poems themselves it is needless to
speak."--_Y. Blade._

"In the arts of typography the volume is unsurpassed; the illustrations
are numerous and beautiful, and the binder's skill has done its best. We
shall speak only of the externals of the volume. Of its contents we will
not speak flippantly, nor is it needful that we should say any thing.
The name of Mrs. Sigourney is familiar in every cottage in America. She
has, we think, been more generally read than any poetess in the country,
and her pure fame is reverently cherished by all."--_N. O. Picayune._

"It is illustrated in the most brilliant manner, and is throughout a
gem-volume."--_Pa. Inquirer._

"In this production, however, they have excelled themselves. The
illustrations are truly beautiful, and are exquisitely engraved. The
entire execution of the volume is a proud evidence of the growing
superiority of book-making on the part of American publishers."--_Dollar
Newspaper._

"This work, so beautifully embellished, and elegantly printed,
containing the select writings of one of the most celebrated female
poets of America, cannot fail to be received with
approbation."--_Newburyport Paper._

"The illustrations are truly beautiful, and are exquisitely engraved.
They are from designs by Darley, who has risen to high eminence in his
department of art. The entire execution of the volume is a proud
evidence of growing superiority in book-making on the part of American
publishers. And this liberality has not been displayed upon a work
unworthy of it."--_N. Y. Commercial Adv._




NEW BOOKS

RECENTLY PUBLISHED BY

A. HART, late CAREY & HART,

_No. 126 Chestnut Street, Philadelphia._


HISTORICAL AND SECRET MEMOIRS OF THE EMPRESS JOSEPHINE,
(Marie Rose Tascher de la Pagerie,)
FIRST WIFE OF NAPOLEON BONAPARTE.

BY MLLE. M. A. LE NORMAND.

_Translated from the French by Jacob M. Howard, Esq._

In 2 vols., 700 pages, muslin extra gilt.

"It possesses great intrinsic interest. It is a chequered exhibition of
the _undress life_ of Napoleon. All the glitter and pomp and dust of
glory which bewilder the mind is laid; and we behold not the hero, the
emperor, the guide and moulder of destiny, but a poor sickly child and
creature of circumstance--affrighted by shadows and tortured by
straws."--_Philada. City Item._

"This is one of the most interesting works of the day, containing a
multiplicity of incidents in the life of Josephine and her renowned
husband, which have never before been in print."--_N. O. Times._

"This is a work of high and commanding interest, and derives great
additional value from the fact asserted by the authoress, that the
greater portion of it was written by the empress herself. It has a vast
amount of information on the subject of Napoleon's career, with copies
of original documents not to be found elsewhere, and with copious notes
at the end of the work."--_N. O. Com. Bulletin_.

"Affords the reader a clearer insight into the private character of
Napoleon than he can obtain through any other source."--_Baltimore
American._

"They are agreeably and well written; and it would be strange if it were
not so, enjoying as Josephine did, familiar colloquial intercourse with
the most distinguished men and minds of the age. The work does not,
apparently, suffer by translation."--_Baltimore Patriot._

"It is the history--in part the secret history, written by her own hand
with rare elegance and force, and at times with surpassing pathos--of
the remarkable woman who, by the greatness of her spirit was worthy to
be the wife of the soaring Napoleon. It combines all the value of
authentic history with the absorbing interest of an autobiography or
exciting romance."--_Item._


PROSE WRITERS OF GERMANY.

BY FREDERICK H. HEDGE.

ILLUSTRATED WITH EIGHT PORTRAITS AND AN ENGRAVED TITLE-PAGE, FROM A
DESIGN BY LEUTZE.

_Complete in One Volume Octavo._

=Contents.=

Luther, Boehme, Sancta Clara, Moser, Kant, Lessing, Mendelssohn,
Hamann, Wieland, Musäus, Claudius, Lavater, Jacobi, Herder, Goethe,
Schiller, Fichte, Riehter, A. W. Schlegel, Schleiermacher, Hegel,
Zschokke, F. Schlegel, Hardenberg, Tieck, Schelling, Hoffmann, Chamisso.

"The author of this work--for it is well entitled to the name of an
original production, though mainly consisting of translations--Frederick
H. Hedge of Bangor, is qualified, as few men are in this country, or
wherever the English language is written, for the successful
accomplishment of the great literary enterprise to which he has devoted
his leisure for several years.

"Mr. Hedge has displayed great wisdom in the selection of the pieces to
be translated; he has given the best specimens of the best authors, so
far as was possible in his limited space.

"We venture to say that there cannot be crowded into the same compass a
more faithful representation of the German mind, or a richer exhibition
of the profound thought, subtle speculation, massive learning and genial
temper, that characterize the most eminent literary men of that
nation."--_Harbinger._

"What excellent matter we here have. The choicest gems of exuberant
fancy, the most polished productions of scholarship, the richest flow of
the heart, the deepest lessons of wisdom, all translated so well by Mr.
Hedge and his friends, that they seem to have been first written by
masters of the English tongue."--_The City Item._

"We have read the hook with rare pleasure, and have derived not less
information than enjoyment."--_Knickerbocker._

"The selections are judicious and tasteful, the biographies well written
and comprehensive."--_Inquirer._


NAPOLEON AND THE MARSHALS OF THE EMPIRE.

Complete in 2 vols. 12mo.,

_With 16 Steel Portraits in Military Costume_.

Contents.

Napoleon, Jourdan, Serrurier, Lannes, Brune, Perignon, Oudinot, Soult,
Davoust, Massena, Murat, Mortier, Ney, Poniatowski, Grouchy, Bessieres,
Berthier, Souchet, St. Cyr, Victor, Moncey, Marmont, Macdonald,
Bernadotte, Augereau, Lefebvre, Kellermann.

The biographies are twenty-seven in number--Napoleon and his twenty-six
marshals, being all those created by him--and therefore these pages have
a completeness about them which no other work of a similar design
possesses.

The style is clear and comprehensive, and the book may be relied upon
for historical accuracy, as the materials have been drawn from sources
the most authentic. The Conversations of Napoleon, with Montholon,
Gourgaud, Las Cases and Dr. O'Meara have all been consulted as the true
basis upon which the lives of Napoleon and his commanders under him
should be founded.

"The article on Napoleon, which occupies the greater part of the first
volume, is written in a clear and forcible style and displays marked
ability in the author. Particular attention has been paid to the early
portion of Napoleon's life, which other writers have hurriedly
dispatched as though they were impatient to arrive at the opening
glories of his great career."--_N. Y. Mirror._

"The lives of the Marshals and their Chief, the military paladins of the
gorgeous modern romance of the 'Empire,' are given with historic
accuracy and without exaggeration of fact, style or
language."--_Baltimore Patriot._

"We have long been convinced that the character of Napoleon would never
receive 'even handed justice' until some impartial and intelligent
American should undertake the task of weighing his merits and demerits.
In the present volume this has been done with great judgment. We do not
know the author of the paper on Napoleon, but whoever he may he, allow
us to say to him that he has executed his duty _better than any
predecessor_."--_Evening Bulletin._

"The style of this work is worthy of commendation--plain, pleasing and
narrative, the proper style of history and biography in which the reader
does not seek fancy sketches, and dashing vivid pictures, but what the
work professes to contain, biographies. We commend this as a valuable
library book worthy of preservation as a work of reference, after having
been read."--_Balt. American._

"This is the clearest, most concise, and most interesting life of
Napoleon and his marshals which has yet been given to the public. The
arrangement is judicious and the charm of the narrative continues
unbroken to the end."--_City Item._

"The publishers have spared no pains or expense in its production, and
the best talent in the country has been engaged on its various
histories. The style is plain and graphic, and the reader feels that he
is perusing true history rather than the ramblings of a romantic
mind."--_Lady's Book._

"The result of these joint labors is a series of narratives, in which
the events succeed each other so rapidly, and are of so marvelous a
cast, as to require only the method in arrangement and the good taste in
description which they have received from the hands of their authors.
The inflated and the Ossianic have been happily avoided."--_Colonization
Herald._

"Their historical accuracy is unimpeachable, and many of them (the
biographies) are stamped with originality of thought and opinion. The
engravings are numerous and very fine. The book is well printed on fine
white paper, and substantially bound. It deserves a place in all family
and school libraries."--_Bulletin._

"It abounds in graphic narratives of battles, anecdotes of the
world-famed actors, and valuable historical information."--_Richmond
Inquirer._

"We receive, therefore, with real pleasure, this new publication, having
assurance that great pains have been taken in the preparation of each
individual biography, and especially in collating the various
authorities upon the early history of the Emperor. There appears to be
nowhere any attempt to blind the reader by dazzling epithets, and the
accuracy of construction throughout is highly creditable to the
editor."--_Commercial Advertiser N. Y._

"The style is simplicity itself, wholly free from the amusing pomposity
and absurd inflation that distinguish some of the works which have gone
before it."


BRYANT'S POEMS.

ILLUSTRATED BY TWENTY SUPERB ENGRAVINGS,
From Designs by E. LEUTZE,
_Expressly for this Volume_,
ENGRAVED BY AMERICAN ARTISTS,
_And printed on fine Vellum paper_.

COMPLETE IN ONE VOLUME OCTAVO.

Sixth Edition. (Just ready.)

_Price $5 00 bound in scarlet, gilt edges; or beautifully bound by S.
Moore in calf or Turkey morocco, $7.00._

"This is really a splendid book, and one of the most magnificent of
Carey & Hart's collection of 'The Illustrated Poets.'"--_U. S. Gaz._

"The 'getting up' of this edition is creditable in the highest degree to
the publishers and the fine arts of the country. The paper binding, and
the engravings are all of the very best kind."--_Inquirer and Courier._


PETER SCHLEMIHL.

PETER SCHLEMIHL IN AMERICA.

_Complete in One Volume, 12mo._

"The object of this work is to 'catch the manners living as they rise'
in connection with the antagonisms of the present day--'_novelties which
disturb the peace_'--as Swedenborgianism, Transcendentalism, Fourierism,
and other _isms_. The author has made these pages the vehicle of
valuable information on all the topics of which he has treated.

"Peter, as our readers may recollect, sold his shadow to a Gentleman in
Black, and upon this fable the American adventures are founded. The
author, whoever he may be, has read much, and been at least 'a looker on
in Venice,' if not a participator of the follies of fashionable life.

"The theological and political criticism is inwoven with a tale of
fashionable life, and the reader becomes not a little interested in the
heroine, Mrs Smith, who certainly must have been a remarkable woman. It
is neatly published, and will be extensively read."--_Bulletin._

"We shall be greatly mistaken if this book does not kick up a whole
cloud of dust."--_The City Item._

"The work is characterized by much learning and sincere feeling."--_N.
Y. Mirror._

"One of the most entertaining works we have read for many a day, as well
as one of the best written. Who the author is we know not; but we do
know that the book will meet with a rapid sale wherever an inkling of
its character leaks out. For watering places, or anywhere, during the
hot weather, it is worth its weight in--gold we almost said. It is full
of everything of the best, and you can scarcely open it at random
without striking upon some sketch or dialogue to enchain the
attention."--_Germantown Telegraph._

"His stock of knowledge is large; and as his conscience is rectified by
Christian principle, and his heart beats in unison with the right and
the true, he uses his treasures of information only for good purposes.

"The book belongs to that class of _novels_ which make an interesting
story the medium for the communication of important truth. In many
respects it is a peculiar work, differing from all others in both design
and execution, and leaving the impression that it is the product of a
mind of no ordinary power. ...

"Those who love to _think_ and _feel_, as the result of truthful
thought, will read the book with interest and profit."--_Reflector &
Watchman._

"A rare book. Who in the world wrote it? Here are nearly five hundred
pages with gems on every one of them. The satire is equal to that of Don
Quixote or Asmodeus. The hits at society in this country are admirable
and well pointed. The humbugs of the day are skillfully shown up, and
the morals of the book are unexceptionable. The author cannot long
escape detection, in spite of his shadowy concealment, and if a new
practitioner he will jump to the head of his profession at
once."--_Godey's Lady's Book._

"We are prepared to say, that Peter Schlemihl is an exceedingly clear
and well-written work--that the author has displayed a considerable
amount of book lore in its composition--that the story is interesting
and instructive--that we have been entertained and edified by its
perusal, and that it possesses merits of more than ordinary character.
We cordially recommend it to the reading community, since we are sure
that they will be benefitted as well as entertained by the revelations
contained in the pages of Peter."--_The National Era._

"A strangely conceived and ably executed work."--_N. O. Com. Times._

"The work forms a consecutive tale, all along which runs a vein of
severe satire, and which at every step is illustrated by a vast deal of
valuable information, and the inculcation of sound principles of
morality and religion. It is a work which is adapted to do good, suited
to all intelligent general readers, and a pleasant companion for the
scholar's leisure hours."--_N. Y. Recorder._

"This is a very remarkable production, and unless we are greatly
deceived, it is from a new hand at the literary forge. We have read
every page of this thick volume, and have been strongly reminded of
Southey's great book, _The Doctor_. The author of this work must be a
man of close observation, much research, and if we are accurate in our
estimate, he is a layman. ... This same book will make a sensation in
many quarters, and will unquestionably create a name and reputation for
its author, who forthwith takes his place among the best and keenest
writers of our country. ... We commend it to the _gravest_ and _gayest_
of our readers, and assure them that our own copy will not go off our
table until another winter has passed away."--_N. Y. Alliance and
Visitor._

"The volume cannot fail to be read extensively and do good. The popular
'_isms_' of the day, their folly and injurious tendency, are descanted
upon with mingled gravity and humor, and considerable talent and
truthful feeling are shown in the discussion. Whether the book have an
immediate _run_ or not, the soundness of its views, delivered with some
quaintness of style, will insure it permanent popularity."--_N. York
Commercial Advertiser._

"Light, sportive, graceful raillery, expressed with terse and delicate
ease. ...

"It is a novel of fun, with grave notes by way of ballast."--_Christian
Examiner._


PUBLISHED BY A. HART.

Now ready, in 1 vol. post 8vo., price $1 25, with Portraits, WASHINGTON
AND THE GENERALS OF THE REVOLUTION.

BY VARIOUS EMINENT AUTHORS.

CONTAINING

_Biographical Sketches of all the Major and Brigadier Generals who acted
under commissions from Congress during the Revolutionary War._

We hail these beautiful volumes with undisguised delight. They supply,
in a dignified and comprehensive form, valuable information, which will
be sought with avidity, not only by the American public, but by the
world at large. The want of a work of _positive authority_ on this
subject has long been felt and deplored. The enterprise and good taste
of Messrs. Carey and Hart have given us two handsome and reliable
volumes, betraying industry and talent, and replete with facts of the
deepest interest. There is no idle romancing--no school-boy attempts at
rhetorical display; on the contrary, the work is written in a clear,
unaffected, business-like, yet beautiful manner. The authors had the
good sense to think that the stirring events of "the times that tried
men's souls," needed no embellishment. It is a complete, impartial, and
well written history of the American Revolution, and, at the same time,
a faithful biography of the most distinguished actors in that great
struggle, whose memories are enshrined in our hearts. The typographical
execution of the work is excellent, and the sixteen portraits on steel
are remarkably well done. The first volume is embellished with a
life-like portrait of Washington mounted on his charger, from Sully's
picture, "_Quelling the Whisky Riots_." This is, we believe, the first
engraving taken from it. There are biographies of _eighty-eight
Generals_, beginning with "the Father of his country," and closing with
General Maxwell. To accomplish this task, we are assured that "the
accessible published and unpublished memoirs, correspondence, and other
materials relating to the period, have been carefully examined and
faithfully reflected." We earnestly commend this work. It will be found
an unerring record of the most interesting portion of our history.--_The
City Item._

This work differs from Mr. Headley's, having nearly the same title, in
many important particulars; and _as an historical book is much
superior_.--_N. Y. Com. Advertiser._

Certainly the most comprehensive and individualized work that has ever
been published on the subject--each member of the great _dramatis
personæ_ of the Revolutionary tragedy, standing out in bold and
"sculptured" relief on his own glorious deeds.--_Saturday Courier._

This work is very different affair from the flashy and superficial book
of the Rev. J. T. Headley entitled "Washington and the Generals." It
appears without the name of any author, because it is the joint
production of many of the most eminent writers in the country, resident
in various states in the Union, and having, from the circumstance,
access to original materials in private hands, and to public archives
not accessible to any one individual without long journey and much
consumption of time. The result, however, is a complete and authentic
work, embracing biographical notices of every one of the Revolutionary
Generals. The amount of fresh and original matter thus brought together
in these moderate-sized volumes, is not less surprising than it is
gratifying to the historical reader. This will become a standard book of
reference, and will maintain its place in libraries long after the
present generation shall have enjoyed the gratification of perusing its
interesting pages, exhibiting in a lively style the personal adventures
and private characters of the sturdy defenders of American
Independence.--_Scott's Weekly Newspaper._

The author's name is not given, and from what we have read, we presume
that various pens have been employed in these interesting biographies.
This is no disadvantage, but, on the contrary, a decided benefit, for it
insures greater accuracy than could be looked for in such a series of
biographies written by one person in a few months. The volumes are
published in a very handsome style. The first sixty pages are occupied
with the biography of Washington, which is written with force and
elegance, and illustrated by an original view of the character of that
great man.... The number of the biographies in these volumes is much
greater than that of Mr. Headley's work. There are eighty-eight distinct
subjects.--_N. Y. Mirror._

We have read a number of the articles, find them to be written with
ability, and to possess a deep interest. The author has manifested
excellent judgment in avoiding all ambitious attempts at what is styled
_fine writing_; but gives a connected recital of the important events in
the lives of his heroes. The work will be highly interesting and
valuable to all readers--particularly so to youth, who are always
attracted by biographies. If a father wishes to present to his sons
noble instances of uncorrupted and incorruptible patriotism, let him
place this work in their hands. It should have a place in every American
library, and is among the most valuable books of the season.--_Baltimore
American._


FEDERAL ADMINISTRATIONS.

MEMOIRS OF THE ADMINISTRATIONS OF WASHINGTON AND JOHN ADAMS.

EDITED FROM THE PAPERS OF OLIVER WOLCOTT, SECRETARY OF THE TREASURY.

BY GEORGE GIBBS.

"Nullius addictus jurare in verba magistri."

_In Two Vols Octavo. 1000 Pages, Cloth Gilt, Price $5._

"Books of this character best illustrate the history of the country. The
men who have acted important parts are made to speak for themselves, and
appear without any aid from the partiality of friends, or any injury
from the detraction of enemies."--_Providence Journal._

"The materials of which these volumes are composed are of great value.
They consist of correspondence, now first given to the world, of
Washington, the elder Adams, Ames, John Marshall, Rufus King, Timothy
Pickering, Wolcott, &c. There are thirty-seven original letters from
Alexander Hamilton, many of them of the highest interest; one in which
the writer with keen sagacity and all the splendor of his eloquence,
gives a character of Mr. Burr upon which his own fate was destined to
put the seal of truth, is read now with singular emotions. Mr. Gibbs has
performed his task extremely well. His preface is modest and dignified.
The passages of narrative by which the letters are connected are
accurate, judicious and agreeable; they illustrate, and do not overlay
the principal material of the work."--_North American._

"Here we meet, illustrated in something like forty important letters,
the blazing intelligence, the practical sagacity, the heroic generosity,
the various genius, which have made Hamilton the name of statesmanship
and greatness, rather than the name of a man. Here we have the piercing
judgment of John Marshall, unsusceptible of error, whose capacity to see
the truth was equalled only by his power of compelling others to receive
it; in the light of whose logic opinions appeared to assume the nature
of facts, and truth acquires the palpableness of a material reality; the
bluntness, force and probity of Pickering; the sterling excellences of
Wolcott himself, who had no artifices and no concealments; because his
strength was too great to require them, and his purposes too pure to
admit them; and sounding as an understrain through the whole, the
prophet tones of Ames."--_U. S. Gazette._

"An important and valuable addition to the historical lore of the
country."--_N. Y. Evening Gazette._

"We look upon these memoirs as an exceedingly valuable contribution to
our national records."--_N. Y. Com. Advertiser._


PETERS' DIGEST.

A FULL AND ARRANGED DIGEST OF THE DECISIONS _In Common Law, Equity, and
Admiralty_ OF THE COURTS OF THE UNITED STATES, _From the Organization of
the Government in 1789 to 1847:_ IN THE SUPREME, CIRCUIT, DISTRICT, AND
ADMIRALTY COURTS;

  Reported in Dallas, Cranch, Wheaton, Peters, and, Howard's Supreme
    Court Reports; in Gallison, Mason, Paine, Peters, Washington,
    Wallace, Sumner, Story, Baldwin, Brockenbrough, and McLean's Circuit
    Court reports; and in Bees, Ware, Peters, and Gilpin's District and
    Admiralty Reports.

BY RICHARD PETERS.

With an Appendix--containing the Rules and Orders of the Supreme Court
of the United States in Proceedings in Equity, established by the
Supreme Court. Complete in two large octavo volumes, law binding, raised
bands, at a low price.


MEMOIRS OF THE QUEENS OF FRANCE, BY MRS. FORBES BUSH.

FROM THE SECOND LONDON EDITION.

_In Two Volumes 12mo., with Portraits, $2._

"Mrs. Forbes Bush is a graceful writer, and in the work before us has
selected the prominent features in the lives of the Queens with a great
deal of judgement and discrimination. These memoirs will be found not
only peculiarly interesting, but also instructive, as throwing
considerable light upon the manners and customs of past ages."--_Western
Continent._

"We have looked over the lives of some of the Queens, presented in Mr.
A. Hart's new volumes, with great interest. While none are devoid of
some degree of attraction, the most of them have a charm about their
person or character exceeding any thing we find in the most popular
romances. They are full of sentiment and romance, rendered all the more
touching from the graceful drapery in which they are adorned, and by the
truthfulness of which the reader is strongly impressed. It is of course
doubly attractive, in reading the strongly marked characters of history,
to feel a conviction of the truth, with which ever the wildest and most
thrilling incidents are invested. The Lives of these fair ladies are
full of instruction, a merit that mere romance seldom possesses. The
Author, Mrs. Forbes Bush, commences with Queen Basine, in the reign of
Childeric I., or about four hundred years after the commencement of the
Christian era. The volumes close with the late Queen of the French,
Marie Amelie."--_Saturday Courier._


MORFIT'S APPLIED CHEMISTRY.

A TREATISE UPON CHEMISTRY, IN ITS APPLICATION TO THE MANUFACTURE OF
SOAPS AND CANDLES.

BEING A THOROUGH EXPOSITION OF THE PRINCIPLES AND PRACTICE OF THE TRADE
IN ALL THEIR MINUTIÆ, BASED UPON THE MOST RECENT DISCOVERIES IN SCIENCE.

BY CAMPBELL MORFIT,
PRACTICAL AND ANALYTICAL CHEMIST.

With 170 Engravings on Wood.

This work is based upon the most RECENT DISCOVERIES IN SCIENCE AND
IMPROVEMENTS IN ART, and presents a thorough exposition of the
principles and practice of the trade in all their minutiæ. The
experience and ability of the author have enabled him to produce A MORE
COMPLETE AND COMPREHENSIVE BOOK upon the subject than any extant. The
whole arrangement is designed with a view to the scientific
enlightenment, as well as the instrucion of the manufacturer, and its
contents are such as to render it not only A STANDARD GUIDE BOOK TO THE
OPERATIVE, but also an authoritative work of reference for the CHEMIST
AND THE STUDENT.

An examination of the annexed table of contents will show the invaluable
usefulness of the work, the practical features of which are illustrated
by upwards of ONE HUNDRED AND SIXTY ENGRAVINGS ON WOOD.

_The following synopsis embraces only the main heads of each Chapter and
Paragraph._

  CHAP. 1. _Introductory Remarks._

  CHAP. 2. _The Dignity of the Art and its Relations to Science._

  CHAP. 3. _Affinity and Chemical Equivalents:--Explanation of._

  CHAP. 4. _Alkalies._--Lime, Potassa, Soda, Ammonia.

  CHAP. 5. _Alkalimetry._

  CHAP. 6. _Acids._--Carbonic, Sulphuric, Hydrochloric, Nitric, Boracic,
              Acidimetry.

  CHAP. 7. _Origin and Composition of Fatty Matters._

  CHAP. 8. _Saponifiable Fats._--Oils of Almond, Olive, Mustard, Beech,
              Poppy, Rapeseed, Grapeseed; Nut Oil, Linseed Oil, Castor
              Oil, Palm Oil, (processes for bleaching it;) Coco Butter,
              Nutmeg Butter, Galum Butter, Athamantine.

  CHAP. 9. _Adulteration of Oils._

  CHAP. 10. _Action of Acids upon Oils._

  CHAP. 11. _Volatile Oils._--The Properties of, and their applicability
              to the Manufacture of Soaps.

  CHAP. 12. _Volatile Oils_:--Their Origin and Composition; Table of
              their Specific Gravities.

  CHAP. 13. _Essential Oils_:--The Adulterations of, and the modes of
              detecting them.

  CHAP. 14. _Wax_:--Its Properties and Composition.

  CHAP. 15. _Resins_:--Their Properties and Composition; Colophony and
              Gallipot.

  CHAP. 16. _Animal Fats and Oils_:--Lard, Mutton Suet, Beef-tallow,
              Beef-marrow, Bone-fat, Soap-grease, Oil-lees,
              Kitchen-stuff, Human-fat, Adipocire, Butter, Fish-oil,
              Spermaceti, Delphinine, Neats feet Oil.

  CHAP. 17. _The Constituents of Fats_, their Properties and
              Composition: Stearine, Stearic Acid and Salts; Margarine,
              Margaric Acid and Salts; Olein, Oleic Acid and Salts;
              Cetine, Cetylic Acid; Phocenine, Phocenic Acid and Salts;
              Butyrine, Butyric Acid and Salts; Caproic, Capric Acid;
              Hircine, Hircic Acid; Cholesterine.

  CHAP. 18. _Basic Constituents of Fats_:--Glycerin, Ethal.

  CHAP. 19. _Theory of Saponification._

  CHAP. 20. _Utensils_:--Steam Series, Bugadiers or Ley Vats, Soap
              Frames, Caldrons, &c.

  CHAP. 21. _The Systemized arrangement for a Soap Factory._

  CHAP. 22. _Remarks_,--Preliminary to the Process for Making Soap.

  CHAP. 23. _Hard Soaps_:--"Cutting Process;" Comparative Value of Oils
              and Fats as Soap ingredient, with Tables; White, Mottled,
              Marseilles, Yellow, Yankee Soaps; English Yellow and White
              Soap, Coco Soap, Palm Soap, Butter Soap, English Windsor
              Soap, French Windsor Soap, Analyses of Soaps.

  CHAP. 24. _Process for Making Soap_:--Preparation of the Leys,
              Empatage, Relargage, Coction, Mottling, Cooling.

  CHAP. 25. _Extemporaneous Soaps_:--Lard, Medicinal, "Hawes," "Maquer,"
              and "Darcet's" Soaps.

  CHAP. 26. _Silicated Soaps_:--Flint, Sand, "Dunn's," "Davis's" Soaps.

  CHAP. 27. _Patent Soaps._--Dextrine, Salinated Soaps, Soap from
              Hardened Fat.

  CHAP. 28. _Anderson's Improvements._

  CHAP. 29. _Soft Soaps_:--Process for Making, Crown Soaps, "Savon
              Vert."

  CHAP. 30. _The Conversion of Soft Soaps into Hard Soaps._

  CHAP. 31. _Frauds in Soap Making and Means for their Detection._

  CHAP. 32. _Earthy Soaps, Marine Soap. Metallic Soaps. Ammoniacal
              Soap._

  CHAP. 33. _Soap from Volatile Oils_:--Starky's Soap, Action of
              Alkalies upon Essential Oils.

  CHAP. 34. "_Savons Acides_" or Oleo-acidulated Soap.

  CHAP. 35. _Toilet Soaps_:--Purification of Soaps, Admixed Soap,
              Cinnamon, Rose, Orange-flower, Bouquet, Benzoin, Cologne,
              Vanilla, Musk, Naples, Kasan Soaps, Flotant Soaps,
              Transparent Soaps, Soft Soaps, Shaving Cream; Remarks.

  CHAP. 36. _Areometers and Thermometers_:--their use and value.

  CHAP. 37. _Weights and Measures._

  CHAP. 38. _Candles._

  CHAP. 39. _Illumination._

  CHAP. 40. _Philosophy of Flame._

  CHAP. 41. _Raw Material for Candles_:--Modes of Rendering Fats,
              Wilson's Steam Tanks.

  CHAP. 42. _Wicks_:--Their use and action. Cutting Machines.

  CHAP. 43. _Of the Manufacture of Candles._

  CHAP. 44. _Dipped Candles_:--Improved Machinery for facilitating their
              Manufacture.

  CHAP. 45. _Material of Candles_:--Process for Improving its Quality.

  CHAP. 46. _Moulded Candles_:--Improved Machinery for facilitating
              their Manufacture.--"Vaxceme," or Summer Candles.

  CHAP. 47. _Stearic Acid Candles_:--Adamantine and Star Candles.

  CHAP. 48. _Stearin Candles_:--Braconnot's and Morfit's Process.

  CHAP. 49. _Sperm Candles._

  CHAP. 50. _Palmine, Palm Wax, Coco Candles._

  CHAP. 51. _Wax Candles_:--Mode of Bleaching the Wax, with drawings of
              the apparatus requisite therefor; Bougies, Cierges,
              Flambeaux.

  CHAP. 52. _Patent Candles_:--"Azotized," Movable Wick and Goddard's
              Candles; Candles on Continuous Wick; Water and Hour
              Bougies, Perfumed Candles.

  CHAP. 53. _Concluding Remarks._ Vocabulary.

=Terms.=--The book is handsomely printed, with large type, and on good
thick paper, in an octavo volume of upwards of five hundred pages, the
price of which is $5 per copy, neatly bound in cloth gilt, or it will be
forwarded by mail _free of postage_ in flexible covers, on receiving a
remittance of $5. (A limited number only printed.)


TWO VOLUMES, TWELVE HUNDRED PAGES, EMBELLISHED WITH NUMEROUS ENGRAVINGS.
NEW EDITION. PRICE $4, CLOTH, GILT.

WATSON'S ANNALS OF PHILADELPHIA AND PENNSYLVANIA IN THE OLDEN TIME.

BEING A COLLECTION OF MEMOIRS, ANECDOTES, AND INCIDENTS OF THE CITY AND
ITS INHABITANTS.

AND OF THE _Earliest Settlements of the Inland part of Pennsylvania,
from the days of the Founders._

INTENDED TO PRESERVE THE RECOLLECTIONS OF OLDEN TIME, AND TO Exhibit
Society in its Changes of Manners and Customs, and the City and Country
in their Local Changes and Improvements.

BY JOHN F. WATSON,

Member of the Historical Society of Pennsylvania, and Honorary Member of
the Historical Societies of New York and Massachusetts.

REVIEW NOTICES.--"This is a great curiosity. Such a book has never
before been produced in the United States. The Annalist will enjoy a
peerless fame--we trust his work will be universally bought and read."
"No American who can read should be without a copy of this invaluable
contribution to our early American history." "It seems to convey us back
to other times--we see things as they were--_minutely and particularly_,
and not as presented in stately and buskined history, in one general
view--vague, glimmering, indistinct." "This is in truth a work without
example for its imitation, and with equal truth it is in execution a
work _sui generis_." "It is a museum that will never cease to attract.
It deserves the gratitude of the country and the patronage of the
reading community. It will furnish the historian, the biographer, and
the patriotic orator, with matter to adorn and beautify their
productions."


ILLUSTRATED MEDICAL LIBRARY.

CAREY & HART have recently published the fallowing valuable Medical and
Surgical works, superbly illustrated--to which they beg leave to call
the attention of the profession. This splendid series now forms SIX
ROYAL QUARTO VOLUMES, containing FOUR HUNDRED AND EIGHTY QUARTO PLATES,
beautifully executed; and the price at which they are offered is
infinitely less than any similar works have heretofore been published.

QUAIN'S ANATOMICAL PLATES,
PANCOAST'S OPERATIVE SURGERY,
MOREAU'S GREAT WORK ON MIDWIFERY,
GODDARD ON THE TEETH,
RICORD ON EXTREME CASES OF VENEREAL DISEASES
AND RAYER ON DISEASES OF THE SKIN.


I.

A SERIES OF ANATOMICAL PLATES,

With References and Physiological Comments, illustrating the structure
of the different parts of the Human Body.

EDITED BY
JONES QUAIN, M. D., AND
W. J. ERASMUS WILSON.

With Notes and Additions by JOSEPH PANCOAST, M. D., Professor of Anatomy
in the Jefferson Medical College of Philadelphia.

THIRD AMERICAN EDITION.

The Plates are accompanied by letterpress, containing detailed
references to the various objects delineated. But with a view to render
them intelligible to a greater number of persons, a running commentary
on each plate is given, stating in general terms, and divested as far as
can be, of all technicality, the uses and purposes which the different
objects serve in the animal economy.

THE WORK CONSISTS OF THE FOLLOWING DIVISIONS:

THE MUSCLES OF THE HUMAN BODY, _Fifty-one Plates_.

THE VESSELS OF THE HUMAN BODY, _Fifty Plates_.

THE NERVES OF THE HUMAN BODY, _Thirty-eight Plates_.

THE VISCERA OF THE HUMAN BODY, including the Organs of Digestion,
Respiration, Secretion and Excretion, _Thirty-two Plates_.

THE BONES AND LIGAMENTS, _Thirty Plates_.

  _Complete in One Royal Quarto Volume of nearly 500 pages, and 200
    plates, comprising nearly 700 separate illustrations. Being the only
    complete system of Anatomical Plates, on a large scale, ever
    published in America._

Price only $15, cloth gilt, or $30 colored after nature.


II.

OPERATIVE SURGERY; OR, A DESCRIPTION AND DEMONSTRATION OF THE VARIOUS
PROCESSES OF THE ART; INCLUDING ALL THE NEW OPERATIONS, AND EXHIBITING
THE STATE OF SURGICAL SCIENCE IN ITS PRESENT ADVANCED CONDITION.

BY JOSEPH PANCOAST, M. D.,

Professor of General, Descriptive and Surgical Anatomy in Jefferson
Medical College, Philadelphia.

_Complete in One Royal 4to. Volume of 380 pages of letterpress
description and eighty large 4to. plates, comprising 486 Illustrations,
and being the only complete work on the subject in the English Language.
Price, full bound in cloth, only $10._

Second Edition, Improved.

"This excellent work is constructed on The model of the French Surgical
Works by Velpeau and Malgaigne; and, so far as the English language is
concerned, we are proud as an American to say that, OF ITS KIND IT HAS
NO SUPERIOR."--_New York Journal of Medicine._

"For this beautiful volume, the student and practitioner of Surgery will
feel grateful to the ability and industry of Prof. Pancoast. The drawing
and execution of the plates are splendid examples of American art, and
do credit to Messrs. Cichowski and Duval, while the description is no
less creditable to the author. We have examined the book with care, and
feel great pleasure in declaring that, in our opinion, it is a most
valuable addition to the surgical literature of the United States. It
was a happy idea to illustrate this department of surgery, as it renders
perfectly clear what the very best verbal description often leaves
obscure, and is, to some extent, a substitute for witnessing operations.
To those practitioners especially, who are called upon occasionally,
only, to perform operations, we are not acquainted with any volume
better calculated for reference prior to using the knife. There are
similar works published in Europe, but they are much more expensive,
without being superior in point of usefulness to the very cheap volume
before us.

"All the modern operations for the cure of squinting, club-foot, and the
replacing lost parts and repairing deformities from partial destruction
of the nose, &c., are very clearly explained and prettily illustrated.
It is questionable whether anything on this subject can be better
adapted to its purpose, than Pancoast's Operative Surgery."--_Saturday
Courier._


III.

GODDARD ON THE TEETH.

THE ANATOMY, PHYSIOLOGY, AND DISEASES OF THE TEETH AND GUMS, WITH THE
MOST APPROVED METHODS OF TREATMENT, INCLUDING OPERATIONS, AND A GENERAL
ACCOUNT OF THE METHOD OF MAKING AND SETTING Artificial Teeth.

BY PAUL BECK GODDARD, M. D.,

Professor of Anatomy and Histology in the Franklin College of
Philadelphia.

In One 4to. Volume, illustrated by 30 beautifully executed Plates, each
containing Numerous Figures, handsomely bound in cloth.

Price Six Dollars.

_Uniform with "Quain's Anatomy," "Pancoast's Surgery," and "Moreau's
Midwifery."_

"We do not possess a modern work on Dental Surgery, written by a British
Author, which equals that of Dr. Goddard.--One reason for this may arise
from the circumstance, that the learned author is a practical anatomist,
whose knowledge is on a level with the modern discoveries, and who has
himself authenticated the latest researches into the minute anatomy of
the dental structure. It is quite apparent that such knowledge must
prove of immense value in enabling any one to arrive at just conclusions
relative to the diseases of the teeth; and it is chiefly to be
attributed to the want of such knowledge that most writers on Dental
Surgery have erred so much relative to the causes and nature of these
diseases. The work may confidently be recommended, as containing the
_best and most approved methods of performing all the operations
connected with Dental Surgery_.

"We cannot close our remarks without adverting to the thirty very
beautiful lithographs which illustrate the text. They render it quite
impossible to misunderstand the author, and afford a very favorable
example of the advanced state of the Art on the American
Continent."--_Edinburgh Medical and Surgical Journal_, 1844.


IV.

MOREAU'S Great Work on Midwifery

A PRACTICAL TREATISE EXHIBITING THE PRESENT ADVANCED STATE OF THE
SCIENCE.

BY F. G. MOREAU.

Translated from the French BY T. FOREST BETTON, M. D., AND EDITED BY
PAUL BECK GODDARD, M. D.

The whole illustrated by _Eighty Splendid Quarto Plates_, WHICH ARE
EITHER The Size of Life, OR EXACTLY HALF THE SIZE.

Upon which the first artists have been employed, and which are fully
equal, if not superior, to the original, and the publishers can safely
pronounce it THE MOST SPLENDID WORK ON MIDWIFERY EVER PUBLISHED.

_Now complete in one large 4to. volume of the size of "Quain's Anatomy,"
"Pancoast's Surgery," and "Goddard on the Teeth."_

Price TEN DOLLARS, full bound in cloth

"The work of Professor Moreau is a treasure of Obstetrical Science and
Practice, and the American edition of it an elegant specimen of the
arts."--_Medical Examiner, August, 1844._

"A splendid quarto, containing eighty lithographic plates, true to the
life has been some weeks before us--but we are groping our way through a
mass of new works, with a full expectation of soon doing justice to the
merits of this elaborate and truly beautiful work."--_Boston Med. and
Surg. Journal._

"Moreau's treatise is another valuable work upon the science of
Midwifery, with eighty of the most splendid lithographic plates we have
ever seen. THESE ILLUSTRATIONS ARE ENGRAVED WITH SO MUCH BEAUTY AND
ACCURACY, AND UPON SO LARGE A SCALE, that they cannot fail to present to
the eye the precise relation of the foetus and of the parts engaged in
labor, under every condition and circumstance, from the commencement of
the state of natural parturition, to the most difficult and complicated
labor. The profession are greatly indebted to French industry in
pathological and special anatomy for the continued advance in the
science of Obstetrics; and the work before us may be regarded as the
completion of all that has accumulated in this department of medical
science, greatly enhanced in value by many valuable original
suggestions, to the proper arrangement of which the author has devoted a
great amount of labor. The translation is faithfully and elegantly done,
and the work will be a valuable addition to the medical literature of
our country."--_New York Journal of Medicine._


V.

A THEORETICAL AND PRACTICAL TREATISE ON THE DISEASES OF THE SKIN, BY P.
RAYER, M. D. Physician to La Charité Hospital.

From the Second Edition, entirely remodeled. With Notes and other
Additions,

BY JOHN BELL, M. D.

Fellow of the College of Physicians of Philadelphia, Member of the
American Philosophical Society, and of the Gengofili Society of
Florence, and Editor of Bell and Stokes' Practice of Medicine, &c. &c.

_In One Royal 4to. Volume._

With Forty Beautifully Colored Plates, COMPRISING FOUR HUNDRED SEPARATE
ILLUSTRATIONS, Carefully Colored from Nature, and 450 pages of
Letterpress.

Handsomely bound in Cloth Gilt.

Price $15 00

_Opinions of the Press._

"We take leave of our author with the declaration that his work is a
monument of the most extraordinary industry. We have no hesitation in
adding that it is the best book we possess in any language on the
subject; and that should any of our readers desire to sail over the
unbounded sea of letterpress formed of the history and pathology of the
diseases of the cutaneous surface, M. Rayer should be his pilot."

OF THE PLATES.--"Considered in this respect, but more especially in
reference to the number of illustrations of the general species and
varieties of such order which it contains, this Atlas far surpasses any
that has yet appeared. _ON THE WHOLE RAYER'S ATLAS MAY CONSCIENTIOUSLY
BE SAID TO CONTAIN THE MOST COMPLETE SERIES OF ILLUSTRATIONS OF
CUTANEOUS DISEASES HITHERTO PUBLISHED, AND IS, BESIDES,_ not only
cheaper than any other, but well worth the sum for which it is offered
to the profession"--_British and Foreign Medical Review._


RICORD
ON EXTREME CASES OF VENEREAL DISEASES
_Cured at the Venereal Hospital at Paris_.

Under the direction of DR. PH. RICORD, with 276 elegantly coloured
engravings, in one volume quarto, uniform with "Quain's Anatomical
Plates," "Pancoast's Operative Surgery," &c. _Price $15, cloth, gilt._

"This truly great work of M. Ricord, who is an American and a native, we
believe, of Baltimore, though now the eminent hospital surgeon of Paris,
has long been a desideratum in the English language. The immense expense
of its publication, and especially the cost of the richly coloured
engravings, which are an indispensable accompaniment of the text, has
hitherto deterred publishers at home and abroad from its issue. The
profession are largely indebted to Dr. Betton, the translator, and Dr.
Goddard, who has prepared the work for the press, as also the
enterprising publisher, who has brought out this magnificent book, in
royal quarto, with its multiplied illustrations, in a style of
excellence as respects typography, engraving, and colouring, which will
do honour to American art. Of the value of this work it is unnecessary
to say more than that it is and must continue to be a standard authority
on a most important subject involving the interests of both science and
humanity. The publisher deserves the patronage of the whole profession,
for placing within the reach of all this noble contribution to our
libraries."--_N. Y. Medical Gazette._


THE AMERICAN COTTON SPINNER, AND MANAGERS' AND CARDERS' GUIDE: A
PRACTICAL TREATISE ON COTTON SPINNING.

Compiled from the Papers of the late Robert H. Baird.

In One Volume, Cloth Gilt, Price $1.

"This is a practical age, and it demands practical books. Of this class
is the manual before us, addressing itself to a rapidly growing interest
among us, and one, upon the prosperity of which depends, in a great
measure, the destiny of the South. We have too long committed the fatal
error of allowing Northern manufactories to convert our staple into the
fabrics we require for use, losing by the process all the expenses of a
double transportation, the profits of manufacturing, and sundry
incidental costs of interest and exchange. With the increasing attention
to manufactures in the South, arises the need of information upon all
their appliances and workings, and much that is valuable of this nature
is found in the book before us. Mr. Baird was an expert and successful
cotton-spinner. His experience and observations are here afforded to his
fellow-operatives, combined with the modern improvements in mechanics
and methods. No intelligent man at the present day builds without
'counting the cost,' or enters upon a field of labour without a
comprehensive knowledge of its capabilities and requirements. To those
proposing to erect small factories, or now conducting them, the treatise
before us could not fail to be of service, if well studied, and to such
we commend it."--_Southern Literary Gazette._

"Had we space we might go on to state a number of other equally
interesting and important facts. The work from which much of the
foregoing is taken, is published by Mr. A. Hart, and was compiled
chiefly from the papers of the late Robert H. Baird, well known as an
expert cotton-spinner. It is gratifying to see that so respectable a
house as that of Mr. Hart has undertaken the publication of books of
this kind, for we believe that our operatives should possess a
theoretical as well as practical knowledge of their several trades. This
work gives the dimensions and speed of machinery, draught and twist
calculations, with notices of the most recent improvements. It must
prove an invaluable hand-book to the manufacturer."--_Germantown
Telegraph._

"As the treatise now stands, it is a most complete and practical guide
in the spinning of cotton. It gives the dimensions and speed of
machinery, draught and twist calculations; together with rules and
examples for making changes in the size and number of roving yarn. The
work will be found of value, equally by operatives and mill-owners. It
is issued in a very neat style."--_Arthur's Home Gazette._

"'The American Cotton Spinner and Managers' and Carders' Guide,' a
practical treatise on cotton-spinning, giving the dimensions and speed
of machinery, draught and twist calculations, &c., with notices of
recent improvements, together with rules and examples for making changes
in the size of roving and yarn. This work is compiled from papers of the
late Robert H. Baird, well known as an expert cotton-spinner, and will
prove of great service to cotton-growers, mill-owners, and
cotton-spinners. This book will undoubtedly meet with an extensive sale
in the South, where attention is beginning to be turned in earnest to
manufacturing as well as growing cotton."--_Drawing-room Journal._

"This is one of the most interesting and valuable of the many excellent
little treatises on mechanical and manufacturing pursuits which have
been published by Mr. Hart. The construction and working of a
cotton-factory are thoroughly explained. Buildings, main gearing,
water-wheels, picking and spreading machines, cards and carding,
drawing-frames, speeders, throstles and mule spinning, are elaborately
discussed, and to those engaged in the production of cotton goods, the
volume must be exceedingly useful. To political economists and others,
who feel an interest in the great progress of our country, the
historical and statistical portions of the book will also be of value.

"'In 1770, there were exported to Liverpool from New York three bags of
cotton wool; from Virginia and Maryland, four bags; and from North
Carolina, three barrels. Last year England paid $71,984,616 to the
United States for raw cotton, which sum is exclusive of that paid to
other cotton-growing nations. In 1790 the first cotton-mill was erected
in Pawtucket, Rhode Island. In 1850 the number of spindles in operation
was computed at 2,500,000.' These facts are among the most signal
evidences of the unexampled progress and prosperity of the country, and
cannot be considered without emotions of pride and gratification."--_N.
Y. Commercial Advertiser._

"It is compiled from the papers of the late Robert H. Baird, well known
as an expert cotton-spinner, and forms a practical treatise relative to
spinning in all its departments and relations, the dimensions and speed
of machinery, draught and twist calculations, &c. &c., which cannot but
commend itself to the favourable attention of all connected with this
important manufacturing interest."--_North American._


MANUFACTURE OF STEEL, _Containing the Practice and Principles of Working
and Making Steel_.

BY FREDERICK OVERMAN,
MINING ENGINEER.

Author of "Manufacture of Iron," &c.

COMPLETE IN ONE VOLUME.

_With Engravings, cloth gilt. Price 75 cents._

"The author of this book is a practical mining engineer, and what he has
to say on the subject of which he treats, is therefore entitled to
consideration."--_Com. Advertiser._

"A valuable and almost indispensable hand-book for all workers in steel
and iron, such as blacksmiths, cutlers, die sinkers, and manufacturers
of various kinds of hardware. The man of science, as well as the
artisan, will find much valuable information in Mr. Overman's
Book."--_Arthur's Home Gazette._

"Carefully prepared, and therefore well adapted for the purpose. It is
illustrated by figures explanatory of apparatus and machinery."--_North
American._

"A. Hart, Philadelphia, has published 'The Manufacture of Steel,' by
Frederick Overman. This work is not only of interest to blacksmiths and
workers in steel and iron, but to men of science and art. It is a most
thorough book, commencing with forging, and treating the subject
throughout in an able manner."--_Boston Evening Gazette._


THE MOULDER'S AND FOUNDER'S POCKET GUIDE.

By Frederick Overman,
MINING ENGINEER.

WITH FORTY-TWO WOOD ENGRAVINGS.

_12mo, 252 pages, cloth gilt. Price 88 cents._

"The moulding of iron for useful purposes is one of the most extensive
pursuits of society. Nevertheless, there are comparatively few works
which present a clear, intelligible, and simple statement of the
branches of this art, so as to be readily understood by all. The present
work seems to supply this deficiency."--_Scientific American._

"This volume is prepared on the same plan as that on Cotton Spinning,
and has a number of wood-engravings. It must prove invaluable to the
iron master. It is certainly a book that has long been needed, and we
know that it will be extensively circulated."--_Germantown Telegraph._

"The 'Moulders and Founder's Pocket Guide,' published by A. Hart, is a
treatise on moulding and founding in green sand, dry sand, loam, and
cement, the moulding of machine-frames, mill-gear, hollow-ware,
ornaments, trinkets, bells, and statues, with receipts for alloys,
varnishes, colours, &c., by Frederick Overman, mining engineer. The work
is illustrated with forty-two wood-cuts, and it gives plain and
practical descriptions of these most useful arts."--_Public Ledger._


THE LONDON YEAR-BOOK OF FACTS AND SCIENCE, FOR 1851.

BY JOHN TIMBS.

_Complete in one volume, 326 pages, cloth gilt._ PRICE $1.

The Year-Book of Facts in Science and Art, exhibiting the most important
discoveries and improvements of the past year, in mechanics and the
useful arts, natural philosophy, electricity, chemistry, zoology, and
botany, geology and geography, meteorology and astronomy. By John Timbs,
editor of the 'Arcana of Science and Art,' in one neat volume; price $1.

"It contains a mine of information in matters of Science and
Art."--_Saturday Gazette._

"There is a great deal of well-digested information in this volume,
exhibiting the most important discoveries in the Sciences and Arts,
during the past year. In looking over it, one is surprised at the
progress making in these branches, and in order to keep up with the age,
such a book as this is absolutely necessary."--_Evening Bulletin._

"Such a volume commends itself sufficiently to public favour by its
title. The importance of possessing it is apparent at a glance, since
the knowledge of a single one of these facts, or new discoveries in
science and the useful arts, may very possibly be worth in cash to the
buyer ten times the price of the book."--_Scott's Weekly._

"The 'Year-Book of Facts' is another of Mr. Hart's excellent
publications. It is a reprint from the London edition, and exhibits the
most important discoveries and improvements of the year 1851, in arts,
sciences, and mechanics. It is just the volume to have handy to take up
when a few spare moments present themselves, which might otherwise be
unimproved."--_Boston Evening Gazette._

"The 'Year-Book of Facts' is a work of established character, and
American readers will feel indebted to Mr. Hart for reproducing it in a
convenient and handsome form, rendering it accessible to all purchasers
on this side of the water."--_N. American._


STUART'S Dictionary of Architecture.

_A Directory of Architecture, Historical, Descriptive, Topographical,
Decorative, Theoretical, and Mechanical, alphabetically arranged,
familiarly explained, and adapted to the comprehension of workmen_,

BY ROBERT STUART,
ARCHITECT AND CIVIL ENGINEER.

Illustrated by one thousand Drawings of Subjects referred to in the
work.

_Complete in 3 volumes 8vo., bound in two._

"A most excellent work for practical men."





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Carey & Hart's Catalog (1852), by 
Edward Carey and Abraham Hart

